1.0.2 Update Changelog

 Fixes 

1. Fixed bug where all ssj hairs would stay on after dying.

2. Fixed bug where Kaioken Transformation|Super Kaioken could be used before unlocking kaioken.

3. Fixed bug where there was 2 Z-Table's, although only one of them actually worked.

1.0.3 Update Changelog

 Fixes 

1. Fixed bug where ssj hairs wouldn't disappear when powering down.

2. Fixed bug where powering down from ssj kaioken wouldn't give the cooldown.

1.0.4 Update Changelog

1. Added Bukuujutsu Guide Vol 2 and Bukuujutsu Guide Vol 3
2. Added Rage
3. Added Kai Table
4. Added Baldur Essentia, Earthen Arcanium, Ki Chip, Zenkai Charm and Majin Nucleus
5. Added Ancient Legend Necklace and Ancient Legend Waistcape
6. Added Prodigy Trait
7. Added the Majin Slime
8. Reduced the rate at which ki charge rate increases with the Earthen Scarab
9. Halved the ki drain of all transformations
10. Changed many recipes to use the new Kai Table
11. New sprites for Earthen Shard, Radiant Totem, Earthen Scarab, Earthen Sigil and all the Scouters.
12. Fixed a frame issue with Supernova
13. Fixed a bug where Flight Ki usage reductions did nothing
14. Fixed multiple cases where you could stack multiple forms
15. Fixed bug where your hair was hidden with the Mythril Glasses

1.0.4.1 Update Changelog

1. New Sprites for all the Test Items
2. Slightly changed the look of the dust while Flight|Flying
3. Recipes crafted at the Z-Table can now also be crafted at the Kai Table
4. Fixed bugs where Legendary Super Saiyan and Super Saiyan God couldn't be transformed into.
5. Fixed bug where transforming would permanently change your eye color.

1.0.4.2 Update Changelog

1. Changed Super Saiyan 3 to be obtained at Golem instead of the Lunatic Cultist.
2. Buffed drop amount of Soul of Entity, Demonic Soul, Astral Essentia and Pure Ki Crystal.
3. Stable Ki Crystal now drops in the Forest, Desert and Snow biomes.
4. Changed Ki Chip's tooltip to properly say ki charge rate instead of ki regen.
5. Super Saiyan 3's health drain now only applies once you are below 30% health.
6. Fixed bug where Super Kaioken wouldn't work
7. Fixed bug where Super Saiyan 3 didn't require you to be in Super Saiyan 2 to achieve.
8. Fixed bug where your Transformation Menu selection wouldn't save.
9. Fixed bug where the Super Saiyan God spirit wouldn't drop.
10. Fixed bug where the Z-Table and Kai Table wouldn't drop when broken.

1.0.4.3 Update Changelog

1. Actually Fixed Super kaioken
2. Fixed bug where Adamantite Visor gave more ki damage than intended.
3. Fixed bug where you couldn't die.
4. Fixed bug where the zenkai cooldown didn't effect anything.

1.0.5 Update Changelog

1. Added Imperium Crystallite, Influunt Crystallite and Aspera Crystallite.
2. Added Kaio Crystal and Baldur Essentia.
3. Completely changed the unlock conditions of Super Saiyan 1, Super Saiyan 2, Legendary Super Saiyan and Super Saiyan 3.
4. Increased the drop rates of Calm Ki Crystal, Prideful Ki Crystal, Angerful Ki Crystal and Pure Ki Crystal.
5. Increased the drop rates of Astral Essentia and Soul of Entity.
6. Demonic Soul now drops from Demons.
7. Lowered crafting prices of Destructo Disk, Double Sunday, Energy Blast Barrage, Masenko, Energy Wave Volley, Galick Gun, Hellzone Grenade, Kamehameha,
Big Bang Attack, Scattershot, Special Beam Cannon, Super Kamehameha, Trap Shooter, Destructo Disk Assault, Final Flash and Super Energy Barrage.
8. Supernova and Kamehameha x10 now use Demonic Souls to craft.
9. Changed name of Wide-lens scouter to Yellow Scouter.
10. Satanic Cloth now takes 2 Demonic Soul's instead of 3.
11. Fixed bug where you couldn't get Super Saiyan 3
12. Fixed bug where any charge limit increasing items would max your max charges infinite.

1.0.6 Update Changelog

1. Added Luminous Sectum
2. Added Ki Infusers
3. Super Saiyan 3 now drains health when below 30% Ki.
4. Added flavor text to Super Saiyan God.
5. Lowered the defense of Saiyan Armor and Turtle Hermit Armor
6. New sprite for Spiritual Emblem
7. Fixed bug where you would slowly move forward when using any of the Crystallites.
8. Fixed bug where you couldn't get a trait.
9. Fixed a few clipping issues on some projectiles.
10. Fixed a bug where the spawned projectiles in the Radiant Armor's set bonus did nothing.
11. Fixed bug where Majin Nucleus didn't actually reduce Ki max by 1500. 
12. Added cross-mod support for Expanded Sentries.
13. Added Canadian Demon Armor
14. Added MRE

1.0.6.5 Update Changelog

1. Flight now shows your aura and rotates it accordingly.
2. The Nurse now fully heals your ki.
3. Adjusted rarities for Amber Infuser and Amethyst Infuser
4. Slightly changed the look of the Ki bar.
5. Added the +4 break range to Radiant Pickaxe and Radiant Hamaxe
6. Completely reworked Spirit Bomb and Super Spirit Bomb.
7. Unlocking a transformation now disables all forms so it doesn't get auto disabled.
8. Your ki bar now doesn't flicker due to ki regen.
9. Fixed bug where the Kaio Crystal did nothing.
10. Fixed bug where Ki Infusers applied to all damage types, not just Ki.

V1.0.6.6

1. Added flavor text to all the Ki Crystals.
2. New sounds for Energy Wave, Final Flash and Special Beam Cannon.
3. All Super Saiyan damage multipliers have been reduced by 50% for non-Ki damage.
4. Drastically increased the homing range of the Radiant Armor and Luminous Sectum's projectiles.
5. Increased the drop rate of Stable Ki Crystal's.
6. Fixed bug where Kaio Crystal worked in the vanity slot.
7. Fixed bug where Kaio Crystal worked on Super Saiyan 3's health drain.
8. Fixed bug where your aura was misaligned while Flight|Flying downwards.
9. Fixed bug where Super Saiyan 3's health drain still drained below 30% Ki.
10. Fixed bug where the MRE lowered your health by 25.
11. Fixed bug where Radiant Ki Scroll didn't need the Ancient Manipulator.

V1.0.6.7

1. Fixed major bug where any Accessories that decreased Ki max would make your ki go negative.
2. Fixed bug where Kaioken gave no bonuses to any damage types except Ki.
3. Adjusted Pure Ki Crystal's rarity.

V1.0.7

1. New sprites for the Scouters and the Radiant Glider
2. New sprite for the Charging Aura.
3. Nerfed Scattershot, Farmers Shotgun.
4. Buffed Big Bang Attack, Trap Shooter
5. Buffed all Beam attacks.
6. Increased the time before all Massive Blast type weapons despawn.
7. Added a bit of flavor text to Scrap Metal
8. The Flight dust now changes according to your transformation.
9. Fixed bug where your Ki max would be broken from various items.
10. Fixed alot of sounds playing on the serverside, should fix some crashes and sound spam in multiplayer.
11. Running out of ki now also disables Kaioken Technique#Super Kaioken|Super Kaioken.
12. The Greater Ki Fragment and Master Ki Fragment's now drop from the correct bosses in expert.
13. Fixed bug where the Spiritual Emblem didn't drop in Normal Mode.

V1.0.7.1

1. Drastically lowered the sounds of all Ki Attacks.
2. Earthen Shard's now drop anywhere at a low chance.
3. Buffed Ki Beam.
4. The first kill of any boss now drops Ki Crystal's depending on the boss.
5. Fixed bug where certain Accessories made your charge limits infinite.
6. Fixed Legendary Trait not applying its x2 max Ki.
7. Fixed debug text displaying when using the Radiant Glider
8. Fixed various issues where bosses wouldn't drop their items at all or drop both at a time.

V1.0.8.0

1. Added a Configuration option to make Charging Aura|Charging a toggle.
2. Added Black Diamond Shell, Buldarium Sigmite, Burning Energy Amulet, Ice Energy Talisman, Pure Energy Circlet and Bloodstained Bandana.
3. Added Black Fusion Armor
4. Flight now goes through platforms.
5. Many new quick transforms, like going from Super Saiyan 3 to Super Saiyan God, etc.
6. You can now step down a form by pressing Charging Aura|Charge and Power Down at the same time.
7. New sprites for various Consumables, Consumables#Ki Potions|Ki Potions.
8. Nerfed Demon Armor to be post-mechanical bosses.
9. Added visual effects for the Battle Kit and Worn Gloves.
10. Added a visual indication for flavor texts.
11. Buffed flight time and vertical speed of the Nimbus Whistle|Nimbus
12. Fixed flickering with the Ki Diffuser.
13. The Charging Aura now disappears when you die or desync.
14. Fixed Blinding Blade's homing.
15. Fixed bug where you would sometime crash when reforging.
16. Fixed Ki Diffuser giving buffs forever and such.
17. Fixed bug where Destructo Disk Assault's mini disks did no damage.
18. Fixed many issues where things wouldn't sync in multiplayer.
19. Fixed crash issue with Dual Wielding.
20. Fixed Destructo Disk being really loud.
21. Fixed Dragon Crystal Infuser's rarity and value.
22. Fixed issue where the Dryad's summoning items had no value.
23. Added Time Ring and Potara Earrings.

V1.0.9.0

1. Added the Dragon Balls.
2. Added Grandpa Gohan's House.
3. Added Instant Transmission
4. Added Saiyan Scout Armor and Elite Saiyan Armor.
5. Added Dragon Radar MK1, Dragon Radar MK2 and Dragon Radar MK3.
6. Added Refined Metal, Katchin Scale, I.T. Tome Vol 1, I.T. Tome Vol 2, I.T. Tome Vol 3, Ki Beacon and Energy Shot.
7. Beams now work by charging with right click and firing with left click. You can stop charging at any time and you will slowly lose charge levels.
8. Beams are now not multi-segmented, making them much more optimized and making them sync better.
9. Beams rebalanced to adjust to new systems.
10. Mastery is now listed as a percent instead of a normal number.
11. Mastery is now obtained through taking damage while in the form, using ki attacks while in the form and just being in the form.
12. Ambient form mastery speed has been drastically reduced.
13. Buffed Turtle Hermit Armor, Saiyan Armor and Radiant Armor.
14. Kaioken level/size scaling reimplemented.
15. Kaioken nerfed and buffed at the same time. 10% damage per Kaioken level. -5% defense per Kaioken level. Health drain drastically reduced.
16a. Changed when all Kaioken Kaioken levels are obtained.
16b. Forms rebalanced for the viability of Kaioken and generally nerfed. Minor defense boosts per form level.
17. Transformation speed bonuses now affect jump speed and vertical speeds (flying down is still capped)
18. The ki bar color now changes depending on Genetics.
19. Spirit Bomb and Super Spirit Bomb now fire relative to the player, instead of the cursor.
20. Renamed Blighted Fang to Blood Thief and made it Tier 3. It is also now obtained from the Dryad instead of the Arms Dealer after Skeletron is dead.
21. Gravity relative to things like water and space are now accounted for during flight (should fix weird floating).
22. Fixed bug where you could get ssj3 before golem.
23. Fixed various issues relating to Supernova and Holy Wrath.
24. Added Metamoran Sash.
